feat(signals): allow user-defined signals in `withState` and `signalState` by splitting `STATE_SOURCE` (#4795)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/guide/signals/signal-store/index.md

<div class="alert is-helpful">

> Similar to `signalState`, `withState` accepts user-defined `WritableSignal` 
> instances as part of the state.

Reviewer: Let's add a bit more details here (assuming that reader is not familiar with `signalState`):

```suggestion
In addition to plain values, the `withState` feature also accepts user-defined `WritableSignal` instances as part of the state.
In this case, the SignalStore's state and the original signal remain synchronized - updating one will immediately reflect in the other.
```

```ts

> import { signalStore, withState } from '@ngrx/signals';
> import { Book } from './book';
> 
> const booksSignal = signal<Book[]>([]);
> 
> export const BookSearchStore = signalStore(
>   withState({
>     books: booksSignal,
>     isLoading: false
>   })
> );

Reviewer: and an example that shows how it works (note: signal suffix is removed from the variable name):

```suggestion
import { signalStore, withState } from '@ngrx/signals';
import { Book } from './book';

const books = signal<Book[]>([]);

const BookSearchStore = signalStore(
  withState({
    // 👇 Providing an external signal as part of the initial state.
    books,
    isLoading: false,
  })
);
```
